hi this is a question from ceará and
dragon and it relates to water
particularly to tap water and they were
wondering what I think about tap water
versus bottled water and also you know
knowing that your water can stay or go
through pipes dirty pipes and stay there
for a long time and also with the
knowing that water can stay in plastic
bottles for a long long time before they
are sold and there these are certainly
concerning effects because we know that
plastic bottles bleach your home for I
cancer are producing chemicals into the
water so they don't say you know a big
issue now with regard to these chemicals
raising the body's hormones of estrogens
particularly which can lead to certain
types of cancer growth some they act
like growth hormones they lead to
excessive growth patterns in cells so
I'm certainly on
in favor of any bottled water unless it
is a plastic that doesn't here I get you
know you know you know that it's fear
parts or chemicals into the the water
so once again I'm very very cautious
about any bottles yet drinking bottled
water means also that you're drinking
tap water because that's basically what
it is these companies that just take
regular tap water and then they use a
system mostly reverse osmosis and they
bottle it and then sell it for more
money than actually gas gasoline so if
it's a big money-making scheme and it's
a scam it I personally don't promote it
so what I do is I have a filtration
system that filters my tap water and
this way I know I can remove the
contaminants from that water and it is
flowing water and flowing water is
always better than stagnant water
stagnant water is pretty much dead so if
it sits in a bottle for a long time
there's really no life force in it
whereas the water that you use in your
home or you know there is a constant
flow because you're flushing toilets or
you're showering you are drinking you're
using
waterful food so the water is never
stagnant for a long time
older homes you obviously have pipes
that can you know the
you know me for heavy metals that come
through it so a good filtration system
is advised in this respect so I would
encourage you to get one and not just
drink tap water but drink tap water that
has been filtered properly filtered then
it's very safe and you're sure that
you're not going to be harmed by plastic
elements and other noxious substances
that may be in the bottled water only
now now that there are lots of harmful
in your things in bottled water is it's
not as clean as it looks